Align default newline with .NET (#84)
nanoframework/System.IO.Ports: README.md

```csharp
string toSend = "I ❤ nanoFramework";
port.WriteLine(toSend);
// this will send the string encoded finishing by a new line, by default `\n`
// You can change the new line to be anything:
port.NewLine = "❤❤";

> // Now it will send use 2 hearts as the line ending for `ReadLine` or `WriteLine`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Now it will send 2 hearts as the line ending `WriteLine` and will use 2 hearts as the terminator for `ReadLine`.
```

Author: I dont want to get caught up on this, but this needs a unit test, as from what I saw in source, it was a single char (rather than an array), so would not work on real hardware!
